tunR is a last.fm-like website that has songs and albums and playlists etc

We will be building it in pieces over the rest of the week.


To begin with we just have two models:

Song - name, length (in sec), description, belongs_to album, belongs_to artist
Album - name, dscription, cover_image, has_many songs
Artist - name, description, image, has_many songs, albums

You should have a full CRUD app for all of the above models.

a song must belong to an artist, but the album is optional (ie for songs
released as singles)
an album must have at least one song

Add some valiations on the most likely fields for the above models (eg name
is mandatory).


When creating a new song, you should be able to choose the artist from a
drop-down of all available artists.


Pick an appropriate root url for the site.

Add a common header - put it in a partial.
It should have a logo for the site that take syou back to the home page

Next to it, you should have the title of the page (yes, this should be in
the common partial and the actual title should be set per page)
below that, add a horizontal menu that lets you choose the other list-pages
available (songs/albums/artists)

Add a common footer - also put it in a partial
In the footer, put placeholders for the standard website pages: about_us, contact_us, privacy, Terms&Conds etc

On the artist show-page, show a list of the artist's albums (just the name
and/or image), 

and a list of singles (songs not in any album). Each should
link to the appropriate show page for that album/single


On the album show-page, show a list of songs - with the name of the artist as a
link to the artist's show page.

On the song show-page, also show a brief overview of the album (if any) and artist. Link them as appropriate to show pages.

Update your controllers to redirect back to the appropriate list-page (with
an alert) if the user enters an id for something that doesn't exist
eg if they type the URL '/songs/123' and there is no song with id of 123,
they should be reidrected back to the songs page with a message like "song
123 does not exist, please choose another"
make this work for all the methods that try to fetch out a song.
Try not to repeat yourself!

Extra credit:

Add a column to the songs table that is the URL to the youtube video for
that song. if that video link is populated, add the video to the song show
page using the appropriate view_helper method.

Add an ability to sort the list-pages appropriately
eg songs could be sorted by name or by artist-then-name or album-then-name
figure out how to sort by the artist name too


the song-page is likely to grow very big.
Have a go at figuring out how you'd do pagination.
Don't use a gem to do it for you. try to do it yourself.